---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ukc_certificate Resource - UKC"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ukc_certificate (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ukc_certificate" "example" {
  name  = "my-certificate"
  cn    = "example.com"
  chain = file("path/to/certificate.crt")
  pkey  = file("path/to/private.key")
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `chain` (String) The chain of the certificate.
- `cn` (String) The common name (CN) of the certificate.
- `pkey` (String, Sensitive) The private key of the certificate.

### Optional

- `name` (String) The name of the certificate (optional).
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the certificate.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `message` (String) An optional message providing additional information about the response.
- `status` (String) The status of the response.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `certificates` (Attributes List) The certificate which was created by this request.

Note: only one certificate can be specified in the request, so this
will always contain a single entry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--certificates))

<a id="nestedatt--data--certificates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.certificates`

Read-Only:

- `common_name` (String)
- `created_at` (String) The time the certificate was created.
- `name` (String) The name of the certificate.

This is a human-readable name that can be used to identify the certificate.
The name must be unique within the context of your account.  The name can
also be used to identify the certificate in API calls.
- `state` (String)
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the certificate.

This is a unique identifier for the certificate that is generated when the
certificate is created.  The UUID is used to reference the certificate in
API calls and can be used to identify the certificate in all API calls that
require an identifier.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import ukc_certificate.example fedcba98-7654-3210-fedc-ba9876543210
```
